Review:
Apple, Brent Cross Shopping Centre. RUBBISH!!!
Went into my local Apple store at Brent Cross Shopping Centre to change the battery of my iphone. Upon entering the store I was met by a member of staff whom after telling them the purpose of my visit, I was told I would have to 1.make an appointment, 2.I can expect to be waiting up to 2hrs, 3. Even after waiting 2hrs,there is no garantee that the battery could be changed the same time. Within the 2hr wait I'm receiving message updates about the progress of the wait time. Once I receive the sms that a tech person is ready for me and after I inform a member of staff that I have received this message , I'm waiting a further 20mins before a another member of staff notices that I've been waiting a long time and asks me about the status of my appointment. Finally I am seen by someone who after the initial process and checks tells me that at this time I cannot have the battery changed and I would have to either leave the phone with them and come back the following day at approx 10am to collect it or they can reserve a battery for me and I would have to come back on a day of my choosing and wait again for 2hrs whilst they change the battery at a cost of £85.00. At which point of the totally ludicrously poor service do I start my complaint. Apple store is probably the most high tech store in all of Brent Cross Shopping Centre and with all that high spec tech you are seriously offering this level of crap and calling customer service!!!! When I told the person serving me that what he was offering me was not what I needed, he replied with his arrogant self and in the best self righteous tone he could muster, "I'm trying to help you". My answer to you on this platform is TRY HARDER BECAUSE YOUR BEST EFFORT IS NOT EFFORT AT ALL!!!!!! In the time I was waiting I counted at 8 members of staff on the shop floor standing around chatting with their friends, doing absolutely nothing. Just a tip, hire more people that actually do the work required and less staff who are just walking around trying to look as though they are contributing some value.

Date of experience: 29 August 2024
Rating: 1 out of 5 stars