Review:
Unlawful trading behaviour. This is what happens when you have essentially a monopoly
Really bad. The London Battersea store has been holding my laptop unlawfully since October 2023 after a repair that I did not authorise and now they request I pay £1,000 for (the cost of the repair).

What happened is that I accidentally clicked online to authorise a repair. Then despite immediately trying to communicate that I didn't actually want that repair, through numerous calls over days to the store, (which never picked up) and to online customer services, I was told by online customer services that the only way to communicate it would be to actually go into the store and that there were no other phone numbers or emails available to customers or to customer services.

I didn't have time to do that, and how preposterous that a major tech and communications company would tell a customer that visiting the store was the only way to communicate that message.

I was then emailed by the store that they had made the repair and that I now owed £1000 because I had entered into a repair contract with them. I relayed the above situation and was told they couldn't do anything, I should contact their UK legal department.

I sent 2 letters recorded delivery to the legal department in their Battersea office. Both ignored. Then I was told months later that they never received the letters. The store then emails the legal department. Then the legal team tells the store they don't think it's a legal issue, the store has to deal with it. The store says they have no way to deal with it other than I pay the £1,000.

Now another random customer services team have contacted me to "discuss" the problem. They refuse to put anything in writing and say I can only speak with them on the phone despite having emailed me in the first place to try and set up a call.

It is unlawful that a customer has essentially no means to unwind a contractual mistake. Especially when the bargaining power between the parties is so asymmetric. I was a commercial solicitor before having children so I have some insight into just how wrong this behaviour is.

Staff are ostensibility friendly on the outside, but it barely masks the company's underlying disdainful attitude towards their customers. I was kind of shocked to be told that it was my fault that I didn't have my property back because I was complaining.

It's really disappointing because I thought Apple might be one of the more ethical providers. I won't make that mistake again and that's why I'm here telling others about my experience so they know what they're really funding when they buy Apple products and services.

Date of experience: 20 October 2023
Rating: 1 out of 5 stars