Review: 
Apple's Customer Service is fantastic, specifically, I want to thank Michael and Carl who I both spoke with when DHL did their best to completely stuff up the delivery of my new iPhone.

So what happened?

DHL attempted to deliver my new iPhone on the wrong day (ordered as an emergency because my existing one was faulty).

After multiple lengthy and extremely frustrating phone calls with DHL on a Friday afternoon, I was then told my package would not be delivered until the following week. I was furious.

Deciding to call Apple, I spoke with Michael who swiftly made arrangements with DHL to have my iPhone delivered over the weekend. He was very calm and reassuring, and instantly put my concerns at ease. My package arrived the next day (Saturday), and I had my new device setup and ready to use in less than 24 hours, I couldn't believe it.

Dealing directly with DHL's customers woeful and incompetent customer service, and then contrasting it with the level of care I received from Apple was a huge juxtaposition. The difference was night and day.

To get through to somebody when calling DHL, I tried 6 separate phone calls. All consisting of never ending phone trees, I had to search through the depths of reddit to find a phone number which would actually put me through to a human, and even then, I had to be transferred to another department and put on hold for a lengthy period of time.

Honestly, if you're dealing with DHL,you've got a better chance of winning the lottery than finding somebody that's actually going to help you resolve your issue.

On the other hand, to get through the Apple, it took less than 3 minutes, it turned what was shaping up to be a total nightmare, into a great interaction.

I'll now be purchasing all future apple devices directly from the website online (instead of using a third party or telecomm) as the after sales process I experienced with Apple has assured me I'm in safe hands.

Thanks again Michael and Carl, you're both absolute legends!

Date of experience: 04 November 2022
Rating: 5 out of 5 stars